## PayU Fronted Interview Experience (SE/SDE 2)

I recently interviewed for a Software Engineer(Frontend) position at PayU. Below are the key technical questions I encountered during the **third** round:
 
1. **Implement a frontend app**: 
   1. The app initiates a transaction to a bank, and the bank will confirm after some time with another API call made by the bank to us. 
   2. The challenge is that the initial API call from our end will not confirm whether the transaction failed or succeeded, and later the bank will make a call to confirm.
   3. How do you sync everything on the frontend? (I provided a polling approach, you don’t need to give code , discussion with follow up questions).
<br/>

2. **Building and optimizing a React app**: 
   1. How do you build any React app, and how do you optimize the build further for faster loading?
<br/>

3. **Triggering an event and clearing the cache**: 
   1. How do you clear the cache for every user after a new production push so that the end user has the updated website and not the cached old content?
<br/>

4. **CORS error**: 
   1. What is it, how do you fix it, and what is IP whitelisting?
<br/>

5. **Managing JWT tokens**: 
   1. How do you store them, and how do you clean them, how will implement protected routes?
<br/>

6. Difference between **`cookies`**, **`sessions`**, and **`local storage`**: When should each one be used?
<br/>

7. Encryption of tokens or payloads: How do we generally protect these from API interceptors?
<br/>

8. Difference between Authentication & Authorization

```js
Verdict: Selected
```